feat(terraform): add expanded actions to Terraform AWS IAM resources (#5590)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/3.Custom Policies/Examples.md

    - prod
    - prod-eu
```

## Using a jsonpath operator with IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION extension

> The following policy will fail, when `iam:CreatePolicy` or `iam:CreateRole` is used in `aws_iam_policy_document` data block by exact name or via wildcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following policy will fail if iam:CreatePolicy or iam:CreateRole are used directly or through wildcards (e.g., iam:* or iam:Create*) in the aws_iam_policy_document data block.
```

```yaml
metadata:
  name: "Ensure CreateRole and CreatePolicy are not used"
  id: "CKV2_CUSTOM_1"
  category: "IAM"

>   extensions:
>     - IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  extensions: # Optional as IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION is enabled by default
    - IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION 
```
